this is my son
Colt cooks first Robert loyal royal Rob
or rum Birds match for YouTube here's my
son coke coke would you like to
introduce here
participants are under or normal coke
coke okay guys are scared shame is Cairo
exact rat arranged a big show Zack Ryder
the big Seamus Ranger and Rey Mysterio
CM Punk Macho Man John Moore said lady
or I see you okay yeah let's get the
match started ding-ding-ding
okay one I don't know here's his brother
Garrett salt he's starting to get into
wrestling a little bit alright fine um
right fight him right honey how you done
since we went to Virginia Beach is that
which started going since you went to
the jr. Beach that's there's oppa hold
on hold
let's say he won who won big shoe is
your first Royal Rumble Royal Rumble
Rumble words match for YouTube that's a
tongue twister and your winner is Big
Show signing off it's till your name
cold cook and over here on the
hobbyhorses get Rico until next time
sign off